https://open.spotify.com/track/10qbHF920zH5K8C8IcE5AL        - Turbo Killer                                                                               - Carpenter Brut 
https://open.spotify.com/track/02gySWUFk5JT4gMguGAhdO        - Ocean Drive                                                                                - Miami Nights 1984 
https://open.spotify.com/track/7oxnK2wg8qFv8EXyyxKDJ4        - Roller Mobster                                                                             - Carpenter Brut 
https://open.spotify.com/track/20ztml2STRF7Sq1UaBB6ox        - Future Club                                                                                - Perturbator 
https://open.spotify.com/track/2bHpNAMEsB3Wc00y87JTdn        - In The Face Of Evil                                                                        - Magic Sword 
https://open.spotify.com/track/4fo7zZTzAJd66iUxDQ5xUD        - Overdrive                                                                                  - Lazerhawk 
https://open.spotify.com/track/1coJ1H1FiEZG93naXkOsNF        - Le perv                                                                                    - Carpenter Brut 
https://open.spotify.com/track/67dA1a6OCUtLHgq9qdQ216        - Humans Are Such Easy Prey                                                                  - Perturbator 
https://open.spotify.com/track/68gzf3AleOyt4NlKwpV0MY        - Kids                                                                                       - Kyle Dixon & Michael Stein 
https://open.spotify.com/track/6N6p8sFsHoIXTpCLUlX3bo        - The Killing                                                                                - Das Mörtal 
https://open.spotify.com/track/69F2Y4CInUq7fgIsagg87r        - Invader                                                                                    - Dance With the Dead 
https://open.spotify.com/track/1JcwHjETNNbUH0yfrc9w9n        - Power Core                                                                                 - Power Glove 
https://open.spotify.com/track/3QOruXa2lvqIFvOOa2rYyJ        - King of the Streets                                                                        - Lazerhawk 
https://open.spotify.com/track/49WTK2Z6dqW443b7Exh5BC        - NARC                                                                                       - Mega Drive 
https://open.spotify.com/track/5UFXAE1QXIGnmALcrQ4DgZ        - Dust                                                                                       - M|O|O|N 
https://open.spotify.com/track/5hKwq5cO8S4tY7FYjZNalu        - Throttle Up                                                                                - Dynatron 
https://open.spotify.com/track/5QyvmZYiOuK0saTv6J77Yg        - Miami Disco                                                                                - Perturbator 
https://open.spotify.com/track/5839pJyWGLJ2Z9vzTDKG0L        - West Side Lane                                                                             - Lost Years 
https://open.spotify.com/track/018SQDupRTRsl1Wolu1X0c        - Star Eater                                                                                 - Daniel Deluxe 
https://open.spotify.com/track/7Jh9J7M0yPVzn5DtNiVpVt        - Electric Groove                                                                            - Lazerhawk 
https://open.spotify.com/track/0nsXChOHmBEH7QOul9VVBT        - Nightdrive                                                                                 - VHS Dreams 
https://open.spotify.com/track/5zZ0g9HOZqK0xtemfV82nI        - Dressed to Kill                                                                            - Dance With the Dead 
https://open.spotify.com/track/2gMQHahD4hFjnEYjTTyivU        - Tonight                                                                                    - Timecop1983 
https://open.spotify.com/track/5WsJ2FGI4e9JWKb6TCG3kL        - ProtoVision                                                                                - Kavinsky 
https://open.spotify.com/track/6zpGlMguCiKeoUMMe4NUce        - Motorcycle Cop                                                                             - Power Glove 
https://open.spotify.com/track/3r9mYXFYhlA8Z84hdY00MQ        - 66 MHz                                                                                     - Waveshaper 
https://open.spotify.com/track/09qzYWDA5M0Baw5Psi9fT0        - Night Force                                                                                - Power Glove 
https://open.spotify.com/track/6cthJIumjsMpJBeDJ2w6Dn        - Knock Knock                                                                                - Scattle 
https://open.spotify.com/track/70lKMlDGNngwy8nJzV7jUN        - Mental Hotline                                                                             - Space Buddha 
https://open.spotify.com/track/0JEpJkLpQAmkubhwiuRaLq        - 347 Midnight Demons                                                                        - Carpenter Brut 
https://open.spotify.com/track/5V3qheUJSAfigGSxzIDgaO        - L.A. Venice Bitch 80's                                                                     - Carpenter Brut 
https://open.spotify.com/track/7kbLgu3ZU8wdigWyxtqOAB        - Converter                                                                                  - Mega Drive 
https://open.spotify.com/track/7qEIlg3a8Yrci7GhkmZR2V        - Hotline Miami II                                                                           - Das Mörtal 
https://open.spotify.com/track/5LbANuq6zz96fVjwLX0Da5        - Red Eyes                                                                                   - Zombie Hyperdrive 
https://open.spotify.com/track/4RZ5476mP0dy55Uh9qlZHk        - Fight Against Time                                                                         - Waveshaper 
https://open.spotify.com/track/4mlAsVN3S2VBeyNKgOsc3E        - High Octane                                                                                - Cloud Battalion 
https://open.spotify.com/track/0Bp3HwFfDlGzo7N5mePMxf        - Vengeance                                                                                  - Cloud Battalion 
https://open.spotify.com/track/4anI3Eme2PINp4XWzXTPRH        - Heat                                                                                       - Cloud Battalion 
https://open.spotify.com/track/4zAn3iSgos8XT8nCHBsoAY        - Outlaw                                                                                     - Cloud Battalion 
https://open.spotify.com/track/41zMB8qTcM2xsqRq54AsdF        - Storm City                                                                                 - Cloud Battalion 
